Except for Ye Shuanghe, President Gu's Secretary Department
The rest resigned
What about other departments?
Half of the employees in the business department also resigned
If Mr. Gu continues like this
For the upcoming board elections
It's going to be huge.
Are we really not going to retain these employees?
Let's not talk about those who quit.
Light Snow
I remember from the moment I took over the story.
Just follow me.
Are you really not considering leaving?
Resign now
Your future development
There will be no impact
Mr. Gu, as long as you are still outdated for a day
I will never leave
Secretary, why are you here?
I quit.
Looking for a job
I would like to ask
Do you have any fear posts here?
Of course there is.
Secretary, there is only one employee left now
You just happened to be there
Zijun will hold a board meeting soon
You go check out the preparations for animal society
It's Mr. Gu
Li Ning
Story thing
It has nothing to do with you.
You don't have to be in that muddy water
I'm not here to offer you free labor
Don't think too much.
Oh, really?
You have to be stubborn?
You need to know
The world has always been a place where talents come together and no talents come apart
Only those who are sincere to you
Will be like you
Never leave